Psalm 57 to the chief musician set to do
not destroy a make Tam of David when he
fled from soul into the cave
be merciful to me Oh God be merciful to
me from my soul trusts in you and in the
shadow of your wings I will make my
refuge until these calamities have
passed by I will cry out to God Most
High to God who performs all things for
me he shall send from heaven and save me
he reproaches the one who would swallow
me up God shall send forth his mercy and
his truth my soul is among lions I lie
among the sons of men who are set on
fire whose teeth are Spears and arrows
and their tongue a sharp sword be
exalted O God above the heavens let your
glory be above all the earth they have
prepared a net for my steps my soul is
bowed down they have dug a pit before me
into the midst of it they themselves
have fallen my heart is steadfast O God
my heart is steadfast I will see and
give praise awake my glory awake lute
and harp I will awaken the dawn I will
praise you O Lord among the peoples I
will sing to you among the nations for
your mercy reaches unto the heavens and
your truth unto the clouds be exalted O
God above the heavens let your glory be
above all the earth
[Music]